readme.md, before:

# MISP Importer

misp-importer uses the filebeat misp module to import threat intel events into Elasticsearch. Why? In my tests filebeat duplicated events every time it ran, so I needed a way to keep the index current. 

If used with Elastic stack 7.10 you can then use the TI matching capability to match indicators in any ECS (Elastic Common Schema) field - pretty neat!

## How does it work?

misp-importer uses filebeat to read the events from MISP and stash them in Elasticsearch. It is designed to run as a kubernetes cronJob and by default it will run once a day and: 

1. delete the index defined in ELASTIC_URL! You have been warned!
2. Import the events from MISP into Elasticsearch. I use an ingest pipeline to route events into an index called 'misp-YYYY'

## Quick start

1. Copy misp-importer.yaml.template to misp-importer.yaml
2. Customise misp-importer.yaml to your liking. You probably want to pop this in it's own namespace to isolate this from other workloads.
3. Create the kubernetes secrets (TODO - move this to the yaml)
```
 k create secret generic misp-creds --from-literal=api.key='protecting aussie businesses' --from-literal=url='threatbear cybersecurity'
```
and then create elastic credentials:

```
k create secret generic elastic-cloud --from-literal=cloud.id='no-siem:blahblah' --from-literal=cloud.auth='threat-hunter:password audit' --from-literal=elastic.url='https://elastos.threatbear.co'
```
4. kubectl apply -f misp-importer.yaml

Commit message:

uses elasticsearch output instead of cloud_auth

readme.md, after:

# MISP Importer

misp-importer uses the filebeat misp module to import threat intel events into Elasticsearch. Why? In my tests filebeat duplicated events every time it ran, so I needed a way to keep the index current. 

If used with Elastic stack 7.10 you can then use the TI matching capability to match indicators in any ECS (Elastic Common Schema) field - pretty neat!

## How does it work?

misp-importer uses filebeat to read the events from MISP and stash them in Elasticsearch. It is designed to run as a kubernetes cronJob and by default it will run once a day and: 

1. delete the misp index, i.e: filebeat-ver-misp-date! You have been warned!
2. Import the events from MISP into Elasticsearch.

## Quick start

1. Copy misp-importer.yaml.template to misp-importer.yaml
2. Customise misp-importer.yaml to your liking. You probably want to pop this in it's own namespace to isolate this from other workloads.
3. Create the kubernetes secrets:
```
 k create secret generic misp-importer-misp --from-literal=apikey='protecting aussie businesses' --from-literal=url='threatbear cybersecurity'
```
and then create elastic credentials:

```
k create secret generic misp-importer-elasticsearch --from-literal=username='blahblah' --from-literal=password='audit' --from-literal=host='elastos.threatbear.co' --from-literal=port='9243'
```
4. kubectl apply -f misp-importer.yaml
